feat(server): Add `template-dir` option (#10818)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/hosting/custom_branding.rst

    .. literalinclude:: custom_fr-FR.json
      :language: json

Server emails & HTML pages
--------------------------

Parsec server emails and HTML pages (index, 404) are based on the `Jinja template syntax`_.

.. _Jinja template syntax: https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/templates/

You can customize them by providing a custom template directory when running the server with ``--template-dir`` or by setting the environment variable ``PARSEC_TEMPLATE_DIR``.

The directory should contain the following files:

- ``index.html``: default landing page when you access the server.
- ``404.html``: resource not found page.
- ``email/account_create.[html|txt].j2``: HTML and TEXT templates for the email send to confirm Parsec account creation.
- ``email/account_delete.[html|txt].j2``: HTML and TEXT email templates to confirm Parsec account deletion.
- ``email/account_recover.[html|txt].j2``: HTML and TEXT email templates to confirm Parsec account recovery.
- ``email/invitation.[html|txt].j2``: HTML and TEXT email templates to send invitation to join an organization.

.. note::

>    You can base your customization on the default server template `found here <parsec-server-template-src_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can base your customization on the default server templates `found here <parsec-server-template-src_>`_.
```

> .. _parsec-server-template-src: https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/tree/v3.4.1-a.0+dev/server/parsec/templates

Author: **note (non-blocking):** The link does not work as version `3.4.1-a.0+dev` is not released

    .. literalinclude:: custom_fr-FR.json
      :language: json

Server emails & html pages
--------------------------

The Parsec server use `Jinja template`_ to generate it's emails and basic html pages (index, 404)

.. _Jinja template: https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/

If you wish to, you can also customize those by providing your own template folder through the option ``--template-dir`` or by setting the environment variable ``PARSEC_TEMPLATE_DIR`` that respect the following constraint:

> .. list-table:: Template folder architecture
> 
>    * - Template path
>      - Description
> 
>    * - ``index.html``
>      - The default page when you access the server
> 
>    * - ``404.html``
>      - The html page when a sent back to a client when a resource is not found
> 
>    * - ``email/account_create.html.j2``
>      - The html template used to generate the email when you create a Parsec account used to confirm your email.
> 
>    * - ``email/account_create.txt.j2``
>      - Same as above but in text format
> 
>    * - ``email/account_delete.html.j2``
>      - The html template used to generate the confirmation email to delete your Parsec account
> 
>    * - ``email/account_delete.txt.j2``
>      - Same as above but in text format
> 
>    * - ``email/account_recover.html.j2``
>      - The html template used to generate the recover email to your Parsec account
> 
>    * - ``email/account_recover.txt.j2``
>      - Same as above but in text format
> 
>    * - ``email/invitation.html.j2``
>      - The html template sent by email to the person that you are inviting in your organization
> 
>    * - ``email/invitation.txt.j2``
>      - Same as above but in text format

Reviewer: Table renders really bad in the docs, specially with long texts in cells which sometimes result in horizontal scrollbars. 

Let's stick with bullet points also for consistency with previous sections:

```suggestion
- ``index.html``: default landing page when you access the server.
- ``404.html``: resource not found page.
- ``email/account_create.[html|txt].j2``: HTML and TEXT templates for the email send to confirm Parsec account creation.
- ``email/account_delete.[html|txt].j2``: HTML and TEXT email templates to confirm Parsec account deletion.
- ``email/account_recover.[html|txt].j2``: HTML and TEXT email templates to confirm Parsec account recovery.
- ``email/invitation.[html|txt].j2``: HTML and TEXT email templates to send invitation to join an organization.
```

Also, maybe add a link after the list to the default templates (https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/tree/master/server/parsec/templates ) as an example?
